hotfix/TINY-6546: Wendel's feedback on text pattern (#1723)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: plugins/textpattern.md

There are three types of patterns: `inline`, `block`, and `replacement` patterns. Inline patterns have a `start` and an `end` text pattern whereas the block and replacement patterns only have a `start`. A user can specify the formats to be applied to the selection, commands to be executed, or text to be replaced.

> **When using list commands make sure that the [lists plugin]({{ site.baseurl }}/plugins/lists) is registered for normalized behavior across browsers.**

Reviewer: Why was this made bold? This seems incorrect... I assume it was done to highlight this, if that was why it should be an admonition/note instead of being bold. eg:
```
> **Note:** Some text
```

Author: You are right, it was put there to highlight it. As i'm new to this maybe a less intimidated way to put that would be... "We shouldn't use it like that, etc etc...: :-) Thanks

Author: Done

  {start: '####', format: 'h4'},
  {start: '#####', format: 'h5'},
  {start: '######', format: 'h6'},

>   {start: '1. ', cmd: 'InsertOrderedList'}, //these configurations will need list plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {start: '1. ', cmd: 'InsertOrderedList'}, // these configurations will need the lists plugin
```

Author: Done.

Reviewer: This hasn't been fixed yet sorry Wendel. The plugin name is still incorrectly `list` when it should be `lists`. It's' also missing `the` before the plugin name.

Author: Awesome, thanks. Done

```js
tinymce.init({

>   selector: 'textarea',          // => change this value according to your HTML

Reviewer: Why did we add the `=>` here? This is just confusing to me.

Author: It was to specify the code line that it belongs too. Removing it...

>   plugin: 'textpattern lists',  // => make sure to have the required plugins here,

Reviewer: Is this why we added `=>` to try and do a multiline comment? If so, that's really confusing and the multi line comment should be above the `plugin:  'textpattern lists'` line.

Author: Done

```js
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea', // change this value according to your HTML

>   // make sure to have the required plugins here,

Reviewer: Could this be dropped back to being 2 lines now?

Author: Done

Using the configuration in this example:

* `{start: '#', format: 'h1'}` - Typing `#`, some text, and then pressing `Enter` will convert the text to a `h1` heading.

> * Typing `1.` 'followed by a space' and your desired text, then pressing `Enter` will convert the text into an ordered list, with the original text as the first list item, and the new line as the second list item. Since we have specified `value`, this pattern will execute `editor.execCommand('InsertOrderedList', false, { 'list-style-type': 'decimal'})`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Typing `1.` followed by a space, your desired text, and then pressing `Enter` will convert the text into an ordered list, with the original text as the first list item, and the new line as the second list item. Since we have specified `value`, this pattern will execute `editor.execCommand('InsertOrderedList', false, { 'list-style-type': 'decimal'})`.
```

Author: Done

    {start: '(c)', replacement: '©'},
    {start: '//brb', replacement: 'Be Right Back'},
    {start: '//heading', replacement: '<h1 style="color: blue">Heading here</h1> <h2>Author: Name here</h2> <p><em>Date: 01/01/2000</em></p> <hr />'},

>     {start: 'div>p*3', replacement: '<div> <p>First</p> <p>Second</p> <p>Third</p> </div>'}, // Emmet like syntax

Reviewer: Emmet isn't a super common syntax, so this likely needs a link to the emmet docs, either that or we just shouldn't include this.  Reason being uncommon markups/names are going to confuse users.

Author: Removed it
